docs: document AI-Q 2.2 candidate scope (#322)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq-research-assistant: docs/source/customization/configuration-reference.md

| `opensearch_ca_certs` | `str` | `None` | Optional custom CA bundle path. |
| `opensearch_aws_region` | `str` | `us-east-1` | AWS region for SigV4 authentication. |
| `opensearch_aws_service` | `str` | `aoss` | SigV4 service: `aoss` for Serverless or `es` for managed OpenSearch Service. |
| `opensearch_index_prefix` | `str` | `aiq` | Prefix for the physical index created for each AI-Q collection. |
| `opensearch_embedding_dim` | `int` | `2048` | Vector dimension; must match the configured embedding model. |
| `opensearch_ingestion_mode` | `str` | `local` | Ingestion executor: `local`, `dask`, or `auto`. `auto` uses Dask only when a scheduler address is configured. |
| `opensearch_dask_scheduler_address` | `str` | `None` | Dask scheduler for distributed ingestion. Also reads `NAT_DASK_SCHEDULER_ADDRESS`. |
| `opensearch_dask_file_transfer` | `str` | `bytes` | Send uploads to Dask workers as `bytes` or shared filesystem `paths`. |
| `embed_model` | `str` | `nvidia/llama-nemotron-embed-vl-1b-v2` | Embedding model for OpenSearch ingestion and retrieval. |
| `embed_base_url` | `str` | `https://integrate.api.nvidia.com/v1` | OpenAI-compatible embeddings endpoint. |

> See [Knowledge Layer](./knowledge-layer.md) for backend selection and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Knowledge Layer](./knowledge-layer.md) for backend selection and the
```

| `sandbox` | object or function ref | `None` | Inline `deep_research_sandbox` config or a reference to a config-only function of that type. Enables the DeepAgents execution backend. |
| `max_research_concurrency` | `int` | `6` | Maximum `ResearchQuery` objects accepted and run concurrently by one `run_research_batch` call. |
| `max_concurrent_source_tool_calls` | `int` | `5` | Shared cap on concurrent source-tool calls across all researcher workers in the run. |
| `max_source_tool_batch_size` | `int` | `4` | Maximum concrete inputs accepted by a batch-capable source-tool wrapper in one call. |
| `verbose` | `bool` | `true` | Enable verbose logging. |

`data_sources` request filtering happens after this configured tool set is resolved. It removes tools mapped to
unselected registry sources but preserves configured tools with no source mapping. Router recommendations become
ordered `preferred_tools` and `fallback_tools` guidance on each `ResearchQuery`; workers still receive the full

> request-filtered callable set. See [Tools and Sources](./tools-and-sources.md#automatic-source-routing) and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request-filtered callable set. Refer to [Tools and Sources](./tools-and-sources.md#automatic-source-routing) and the
```

## Provided Config Files

The repository includes nine top-level workflow configurations. They are focused reference profiles, not cumulative
layers, and no single profile enables every 2.2 capability. Start from the profile closest to the deployment and merge
only the additional sections you need.

| File | Mode | Enabled behavior and opt-ins |
|------|------|------------------------------|
| `configs/config_cli_default.yml` | CLI | Chat pipeline with Tavily web search and clarification. No knowledge backend. Paper search is present only as a commented opt-in. |
| `configs/config_web_default_llamaindex.yml` | Web API | Default chat pipeline with LlamaIndex/ChromaDB knowledge retrieval and Tavily. Paper search is commented out. |
| `configs/config_web_frag.yml` | Web API / Helm base | Foundational RAG plus Tavily. Requires separately deployed RAG query and ingestion services. Paper search is commented out. |

> | `configs/config_web_opensearch.yml` | Web API | Built-in OpenSearch knowledge backend plus Tavily. Supports unauthenticated/basic self-hosted OpenSearch and SigV4 (`es` or `aoss`); infrastructure and credentials are deployment opt-ins. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `configs/config_web_opensearch.yml` | Web API | Built-in OpenSearch knowledge backend plus Tavily. Supports unauthenticated or basic self-hosted OpenSearch and SigV4 (`es` or `aoss`); infrastructure and credentials are deployment opt-ins. |
```
